docs/3d/card-programmes/README.md, before:

# Cards as a Service

<img :src="$withBase('/assets/img/card-programmes-splash.jpg')" alt="Card programmes">

We provide, processing and banking, so you can create a programme with a single contract:
- Issue virtual and physical cards
- Real-time funding
- PCI-certified APIs
- Dynamic spend controls
- Live data feeds

## PCI compliance

Using our PCI-compliant API allows you to develop your custom solutions without waiting for certification. By connecting to our API, you avoid handling unnecessary personal data while the data is hosted on secure, PCI-compliant servers and encrypted for transmission. We’re fully PCI compliant and regulated in Sweden as an EMI.

<img :src="$withBase('/assets/img/integrate/card-programmes/pci-redirect.png')" alt="PCI redirect flow">

In order to bring your PCI obligations to the minimum, we rely on hosted pages that the user is redirected to, which helps us practically eliminate the risks associated with handling sensitive card information on your end.

## Order card

Every card is linked to an account, so make sure to get an account in place first.

Example virtual card order request:

```{1}
POST /v3/cards

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

{
  "individual_id": "bd4af0ff-0a72-4e09-b247-c6d8c2391496",
  "account_id": "3c4c7a7b-2266-47a5-b774-d6d1a299e85c",
  "display_name": "Expenses",
  "exp_month": "12",
  "exp_year": "2024",
  "type": "virtual"
}
```

Response:

```{1}
HTTP 200 OK

{
  "id": "3cb11f6a-0da4-486c-9745-6f6c6c05d26d",
  "display_name": "Expenses",
  "type": "virtual",
  "brand": "visa",
  "region": "europe",
  "exp_month": "12",
  "exp_year": "2024",
  "last4": "3770",
  "currency": "EUR",
  "account_id": "3c4c7a7b-2266-47a5-b774-d6d1a299e85c",
  "individual_id": "bd4af0ff-0a72-4e09-b247-c6d8c2391496",
  "status": "not_activated"
}
```

## Activate card

Physical cards require activation in order to be used.

Example activate card request:

```{1}
PATCH /v3/cards/a1c5ad61-5506-4c90-ab93-11221af2abdc

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

{
  "return_url": "https://example.com/activate_card_cb"
}
```

Response

```{1,4}
HTTP 200 OK

{
  "redirect_url": "https://integrate.intergiro.com/activate_card?...",
  "expires_at": "2021-02-08T14:09:15.000Z"
}
```

Next you'll need to send the end user to the url from the response, where they will be able to set up their initial PIN and activate the card.

<img :src="$withBase('/assets/img/integrate/card-programmes/activate-card-redirect.png')" alt="Activate card flow">

## Freeze / unfreeze card

You can report the card stolen or lost as well as put it on a temporary or permanent block by sending a card update request. 

Example freeze card request:

```{1,8}
PATCH /v3/cards/a1c5ad61-5506-4c90-ab93-11221af2abdc

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

{
  "status": "frozen"
}
```

In order to make a card active again, use the same request with `status: active`:

```{1,8}
PATCH /v3/cards/a1c5ad61-5506-4c90-ab93-11221af2abdc

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

{
  "status": "active"
}
```

The following actions are terminating, meaning there is no way to use the card again:
- `block` - permanent block
- `stolen` - report card as stolen
- `lost` - report card as lost


## Card limits and controls


## Apple Pay

Apple Pay tokenization is initiated by calling the following endpoint with card ID you wish to tokenize:

```{1}
POST /v3/cards/a1c5ad61-5506-4c90-ab93-11221af2abdc/apple_pay/tokenize

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
```

Which responds with a pending Consent:

```{1,5}
HTTP 412 Precondition Failed

{
  "consent": {
    "id": "e1dd9cd7-1650-42b3-8496-a970fb40ed3f",
    "status": "pending"
  }
}
```

Use the following endpoint with `consent.id` you got from response to the previous request:

```{1}
POST /v3/consents/e30b2da8-879d-4d9d-b9f9-7c461500245f

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
```

Response:

```{1,6}
HTTP 200 OK

{
  "method": {
    "redirect_url": "https://3d.staging.intergiro.tech/...",
    "token": "YW55IGNhcm5hbCBwbGVhc3Vy",
    "expires_at": "2021-07-27T12:00:33+02:00"
  }
}
```

Using the `method.token` you can call the `authenticate` method on the iOS Mobile SDK:

```swift{6,8}
import IntergiroSDK

let intergiro = Intergiro(publicKey: "<PUBLIC_KEY>")

intergiro.authenticate(
  token: "YW55IGNhcm5hbCBwbGVhc3Vy", 
  parentViewController: self,
  callback
)
```

This in turn will open a UI provided by Intergiro where the Apple Pay provisioning flow takes place.

Depending on what happened within the SDK UI and how it was closed, the callback will return different values.
If at any point the UI was closed by the user with a swipe, the callback will return `nil`.

[//]: # (If there was an issue with internet connection, TODO)
When provisioning was successful and the card was added to Apple Pay, callback returns:

```json
{
  "status": "approved"
}
```

When provisioning was not successful for any reason, callback returns:

```json
{
  "status": "error"
}
```

Commit message:

feat: add integration phases to apple pay section

docs/3d/card-programmes/README.md, after:

# Cards as a Service

<img :src="$withBase('/assets/img/card-programmes-splash.jpg')" alt="Card programmes">

We provide, processing and banking, so you can create a programme with a single contract:
- Issue virtual and physical cards
- Real-time funding
- PCI-certified APIs
- Dynamic spend controls
- Live data feeds

## PCI compliance

Using our PCI-compliant API allows you to develop your custom solutions without waiting for certification. By connecting to our API, you avoid handling unnecessary personal data while the data is hosted on secure, PCI-compliant servers and encrypted for transmission. We’re fully PCI compliant and regulated in Sweden as an EMI.

<img :src="$withBase('/assets/img/integrate/card-programmes/pci-redirect.png')" alt="PCI redirect flow">

In order to bring your PCI obligations to the minimum, we rely on hosted pages that the user is redirected to, which helps us practically eliminate the risks associated with handling sensitive card information on your end.

## Order card

Every card is linked to an account, so make sure to get an account in place first.

Example virtual card order request:

```{1}
POST /v3/cards

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

{
  "individual_id": "bd4af0ff-0a72-4e09-b247-c6d8c2391496",
  "account_id": "3c4c7a7b-2266-47a5-b774-d6d1a299e85c",
  "display_name": "Expenses",
  "exp_month": "12",
  "exp_year": "2024",
  "type": "virtual"
}
```

Response:

```{1}
HTTP 200 OK

{
  "id": "3cb11f6a-0da4-486c-9745-6f6c6c05d26d",
  "display_name": "Expenses",
  "type": "virtual",
  "brand": "visa",
  "region": "europe",
  "exp_month": "12",
  "exp_year": "2024",
  "last4": "3770",
  "currency": "EUR",
  "account_id": "3c4c7a7b-2266-47a5-b774-d6d1a299e85c",
  "individual_id": "bd4af0ff-0a72-4e09-b247-c6d8c2391496",
  "status": "not_activated"
}
```

## Activate card

Physical cards require activation in order to be used.

Example activate card request:

```{1}
PATCH /v3/cards/a1c5ad61-5506-4c90-ab93-11221af2abdc

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

{
  "return_url": "https://example.com/activate_card_cb"
}
```

Response

```{1,4}
HTTP 200 OK

{
  "redirect_url": "https://integrate.intergiro.com/activate_card?...",
  "expires_at": "2021-02-08T14:09:15.000Z"
}
```

Next you'll need to send the end user to the url from the response, where they will be able to set up their initial PIN and activate the card.

<img :src="$withBase('/assets/img/integrate/card-programmes/activate-card-redirect.png')" alt="Activate card flow">

## Freeze / unfreeze card

You can report the card stolen or lost as well as put it on a temporary or permanent block by sending a card update request. 

Example freeze card request:

```{1,8}
PATCH /v3/cards/a1c5ad61-5506-4c90-ab93-11221af2abdc

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

{
  "status": "frozen"
}
```

In order to make a card active again, use the same request with `status: active`:

```{1,8}
PATCH /v3/cards/a1c5ad61-5506-4c90-ab93-11221af2abdc

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

{
  "status": "active"
}
```

The following actions are terminating, meaning there is no way to use the card again:
- `block` - permanent block
- `stolen` - report card as stolen
- `lost` - report card as lost


## Apple Pay

**Phase 1: Initiate process**

Before implementation, you must contact Intergiro to start the process. Intergiro will assist with the initial steps
required from both Apple and VISA.

**Phase 2: Steps required**

The following steps need to be completed prior to integration:

- Entitlement and Whitelisting Request
- Entitlement configuration
- Splash screen and Apple Pay Mark control logic to be implemented in your application
 
Details about these steps can be found in the official Apple documentation.

**Phase 3: Integration**

Start the integration according to the technical documentation below.

**Phase 4: Certification**

Apple Pay certification must be completed before going live. This certification will need to be booked by your company
and carried out by an authorised certifier. Intergiro can advise but cannot book this on your company’s behalf.

---


Apple Pay tokenization is initiated by calling the following endpoint with card ID you wish to tokenize:

```{1}
POST /v3/cards/a1c5ad61-5506-4c90-ab93-11221af2abdc/apple_pay/tokenize

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
```

Which responds with a pending Consent:

```{1,5}
HTTP 412 Precondition Failed

{
  "consent": {
    "id": "e1dd9cd7-1650-42b3-8496-a970fb40ed3f",
    "status": "pending"
  }
}
```

Use the following endpoint with `consent.id` you got from response to the previous request:

```{1}
POST /v3/consents/e30b2da8-879d-4d9d-b9f9-7c461500245f

Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
```

Response:

```{1,6}
HTTP 200 OK

{
  "method": {
    "redirect_url": "https://3d.staging.intergiro.tech/...",
    "token": "YW55IGNhcm5hbCBwbGVhc3Vy",
    "expires_at": "2021-07-27T12:00:33+02:00"
  }
}
```

Using the `method.token` you can call the `authenticate` method on the iOS Mobile SDK:

```swift{6,8}
import IntergiroSDK

let intergiro = Intergiro(publicKey: "<PUBLIC_KEY>")

intergiro.authenticate(
  token: "YW55IGNhcm5hbCBwbGVhc3Vy", 
  parentViewController: self,
  callback
)
```

This in turn will open a UI provided by Intergiro where the Apple Pay provisioning flow takes place.

Depending on what happened within the SDK UI and how it was closed, the callback will return different values.
If at any point the UI was closed by the user with a swipe, the callback will return `nil`.

[//]: # (If there was an issue with internet connection, TODO)
When provisioning was successful and the card was added to Apple Pay, callback returns:

```json
{
  "status": "approved"
}
```

When provisioning was not successful for any reason, callback returns:

```json
{
  "status": "error"
}
```
